Remove unbalanced quotes in MINIO_OPTS var, clarify how it is used (#1249)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-server/settings/core.rst

   .. tab-item:: Configuration Setting
      :sync: config

      There is no configuration setting for this variable, as these settings apply at server startup.

*Optional*

Set a string of :ref:`parameters <minio-server-parameters>` to use when starting the MinIO Server.

For Unix-like systems using the recommended MinIO ``systemd`` service, use the ``/etc/default/minio`` file and create an environment variable ``MINIO_OPTS`` for specifying parameters to append to the ``minio`` systemd process:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable
   
   # Editing /etc/default/minio

   MINIO_OPTS=' --console-address=":9001" --ftp="address=:8021" --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000" '

> For systems running ``minio`` on the command line, ``MINIO_OPTS`` is optional and must be specified using standard shell semantics around environment variable declaration/reference:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For systems running ``minio`` on the command line, ``MINIO_OPTS`` is optional.
To use it, declare the environment variable using standard shell semantics, then reference the environment variable when starting up the MinIO Server:
```

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   export MINIO_OPTS=' --console-address=":9001" --ftp="address=:8021" --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000" '

   minio server $MINIO_OPTS ...

>    # The above is equivalent to running the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   # The above is equivalent to running the following:
```

   # minio server --console-address=":9001" \
   #              --ftp="address=:8021"     \
   #              --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000"

.. important::

>    The ``minio server`` server command does not read ``$MINIO_OPTS`` directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The ``minio server`` command does not read ``$MINIO_OPTS`` directly.
```

> .. code-block:: shell
>    :class: copyable
> 
>    export MINIO_OPTS=' --console-address=":9001" --ftp="address=:8021" --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000" '
> 
> On Unix-like systems using the recommended MinIO ``systemd`` service, you can save a file with the environment variable to ``/etc/default/minio`` instead of setting the variable manually. 
> 
> .. note::
> 
>    The MinIO server does not read ``MINIO_OPTS`` directly.
>    Instead, use the environment variable to pass options with variable expansion when starting the MinIO server.
>    
>    For example:
>    
>    .. code-block::
>       :class: copyable
> 
>       minio server $MINIO_OPTS ...

Reviewer 2: I think we're backing into what is important here, and readers do not tend to check too closely for details. Suggestion:

```suggestion
For Unix-like systems using the recommended MinIO ``systemd`` service, use the ``/etc/default/minio`` file and create an environment variable ``MINIO_OPTS`` for specifying command line parameters:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   MINIO_OPTS=' --console-address=":9001" --ftp="address=:8021" --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000" '

For systems running ``minio`` on the command line, you can pass parameters directly to the server *or* specify the environment variable as part of the command:

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   export MINIO_OPTS=' --console-address=":9001" --ftp="address=:8021" --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000" '

   minio server $MINIO_OPTS ...

.. important::

   The ``minio`` server process does not read ``MINIO_OPTS`` directly.
   It only has meaning if used through MinIO's recommended ``minio.service`` file *or* by explicitly specifying the environment variable as part of commandline startup.
```

Reviewer 2: Also not sure we want to mention `--ftp`` here. ``--certs-dir` might be more appropriate, ftp is a rarer case overall.

Author: <img width="615" alt="Screenshot 2024-06-21 at 13 10 07" src="https://github.com/minio/docs/assets/453297/159bd599-09ba-47a1-b66c-d509b56f459c">

Thanks @ravindk89, good suggestions, I cannot commit them through Github's UI for some reason (see above error). 

Could you please push those changes as a commit to this branch?

Reviewer 2: I can't either - looks like a github issue. Let me see if I can do this in my local and force-push up, then I'll merge.

.. code-block:: shell
   :class: copyable

   export MINIO_OPTS=' --console-address=":9001" --ftp="address=:8021" --ftp="passive-port-range=30000-40000" '

> On Unix-like systems using the recommended MinIO ``systemd`` service, you can save a file with the environment variable to ``/etc/default/minio`` instead of setting the variable manually. Note that the MinIO server does not read ``MINIO_OPTS`` directly, rather it is used to pass options via variable expansion when starting the MinIO server, e.g. ``minio server $MINIO_OPTS ...``.

Reviewer: Mostly just formatting for consistency with the docs.
We also avoid latinisms like `via` and `e.g.`.

```suggestion
On Unix-like systems using the recommended MinIO ``systemd`` service, you can save a file with the environment variable to ``/etc/default/minio`` instead of setting the variable manually. 

.. note::

   The MinIO server does not read ``MINIO_OPTS`` directly.
   Instead, use the environment variable to pass options with variable expansion when starting the MinIO server.
   
   For example:
   
   .. code-block::
      :class: copyable

      minio server $MINIO_OPTS ...
```
